sync_diff_inspector: add the check-data-only configuration item (#19606)
pingcap/docs: sync-diff-inspector/sync-diff-inspector-overview.md

# If enabled, SQL statements is exported to fix inconsistent tables.
export-fix-sql = true

> # Only compares the data instead of the table structure, this config is an experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Only compares the data instead of the table structure. This configuration item is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```
